I won't lie. Fatigue really gets to There is sometimes that I was on deployment.
And I'm telling you, every four days you were up 24 hours.
That is You wake up, um, seven o'clock, one day you have your normal
work day. You go ate lunch, then you come back after that, you know,
one hour, and then you you have a five hour watch. All of a sudden,
you realize that it's eight o'clock, and then you have your general
quarters and that last and especially like the longer ones, you
know, like it could be close to midnight. Um, and then you have toe,
actually, uh, do some kind of preventive maintenance. Or there's something
that that happens all the way up until the next work day. And
then you have your normal work day and yeah, every every four days.
It tended to be, um, a really long day, and it wears on you. How do
you deal with those things? Well, it helps to be young. That that's
that's for sure. I I think that I could still do it now and maybe
with a bigger smile on my face. But back in the time. I think that my
energy really helped me. The fact that I was in pretty good shape
the fact that you know, like, yeah, you're kind of sleepy. But, you
know, you drink some coffee and you wake up the fact that I was, like,
a pretty healthy from my from the top of my head to the bottom of
my feet. So to make sure that I'm in that type of shape, you have to
make sure that you take care of your body, you know, you run, you,
you eat healthy. Um, you're not overweight, And, uh, then yeah, yeah,
the navy page young guys toe go out and do the difficult, hard, sweaty
work. Um, and you just realize that it's not gonna last forever.